d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.dll.config
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.dll
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.pdb
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\AcessoBancoDados.dll
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\AcessoBancoDados.pdb
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.dll
d:\Users\jvieira\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.dll.config
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.dll
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\AcessoBancoDados.dll
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\AcessoBancoDados.pdb
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\AcessoBancoDados.dll.config
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.dll
C:\Users\jvieira\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\appCabeleireiro\Negocio\obj\Debug\Negocio.pdb
